Before You Start Up: How to Prepare to Make Your Startup Dream a Reality
"Are you a “Wannabe” entrepreneur in school or college with big dreams in your eyes?

“Friday-night-after-drinks” aspiring entrepreneur in your 20s/30s?

“Ready-to-go” soon-to-be entrepreneur?

“Already-on-the-train” entrepreneur?

Loved ones of any of the above (wife/husband, boyfriend/girlfriend, friend, parents)?

An aspiring VC/angel investor who has never built a business?

This book has been especially written for you.

If you've played sports, you already know how you prepare is as important as how you play. Starting up a business is no different—it needs preparation.

This preparation is about understanding your “why”; about generating and testing business ideas; about building your founding team; about talking to your family; about taking care of your career and your finances. It is about getting mentally prepared to get started.

This book will help you ask the right questions. It will guide you, steer you towards finding your answers.

You are ambitious. You are a go-getter. You are destined to win.

This book will help get you what you deserve."


About the Author

Pankaj Goyal grew up in a typical Indian middle class family in Rajasthan. In a family of government employees, he was taught the standard script to build your career: “Work hard on academics and get the highest scores”.

And that’s the path he took.

While he got his Bachelors in Computer Science from IIT Kanpur and an MBA from IIM Bangalore, there was always an itch . . . an itch to start a business.

He started his company in 2008 and ran it for three years. His experience was bitter sweet. The business generated good cash, but failed to grow. He then took a break, moved to the USA and joined McKinsey and Company.

Ever since, he has worked across the world in the technology industry. His work is now focused on applying Artificial Intelligence for the benefit of companies.

He continues to be involved in the world of entrepreneurship as an angel investor and as an advisor to startups in the Silicon Valley and India.

Everyone wants to start a company, get your funding, then exit with a ton of cash. It may sound easy, but nothing can be further from the truth.

You will face many obstacles as a founder. Overcoming these obstacles doesn’t mean your startup will be a success, but it does put you on the right road.

For your business to succeed on your terms, it’s essential that you set a clear plan, conduct proper research and build on your destiny as you go.

If you're studying and have a dream to startup or want to become a successful entrepreneur then this book is for you.

-->

This book is not just a guide rather a book of personal experiences by the author.

It also has some interesting frameworks by the author himself like 'How to choose a co-founder' and '5 things you surely need' when you start up.like best team,correct co founder, u need to discuss what are the necessary things u r going to do in future about this company and legal complications all the factors are to be kept in mind.
The introduction chapter itself sets the base where all myths are busted and all your dreams shatter when the author shows the mirror to you.it was fucking awesome. written by failed entrepreneur.
he break down ur dream into pieces?
he asks 2 or 3 questions which makes u angry or self doubt like r u sure abt this?..
do u want to do it?
which makes us think like as he is a start up founder himself says that which means we get a doubt like is he really saying that?
does he will help us to grow or shatter our dreams. these are the doubts arises.
when i read that para i was shocked he shown the harsh reality no one has told or shown us.
what many successful or failed entrepreneurs gone through before becomming successful or quit from entrepreneurship.
i would suggest to read this book for every entrepreneur or who has a dream to start his or her own start up or who is on his way in building his start up.
as i have read only chapter one i would give upto this much insight but i got a lot of clarity in the 1st chapter itself he says to prepare before starting he compares it with sports like we need to prepare a plan and train our self before entering into any tournament or match.
after completion of this book i will give my full insight about this book.



